Retire Cilium-Integrated Istio documentation (#25722)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

available during the upgrade:

> * API aware policy rules are enforced in user space proxies and are currently

Reviewer: Grammar nits, omit "currently", yes changes are in scope for the PR even though you didn't technically touch this line
```suggestion
* API-aware policy rules are enforced in user space proxies and are
```

>   running as part of the Cilium pod. Upgrading Cilium will cause the proxy to 
>   restart which will result in a connectivity outage and connection to be reset.

Reviewer: Use present tense, use active voice, clarity
```suggestion
  running as part of the Cilium pod. Upgrading Cilium causes the proxy to 
  restart, which results in a connectivity outage and causes the connection to reset.
```
